c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ei-ryzhenko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Domain\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll.config
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.dll
C:\shop\Shop\Domain\obj\Debug\Domain.pdb
